Clarification of narrative, adding brief mentions to automated unit testing, and providing response to reviewer comments (#307)
SORTEE-Github-Hackathon/manuscript: content/02.introduction.md

By allowing users to easily integrate versioning, communication, collaboration with research code and data, Github paves the way for easier implementation of open science practices within research projects [@doi:10.1371/journal.pcbi.1004947].

Git is the version control system that enables the collaborative tools available on GitHub.
Git was originally developed as a fast, lightweight and open-source system to allow software engineers to efficiently develop and collaborate in projects [@url:https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-A-Short-History-of-Git]. 
Since its launch in 2005, Git has become the leading version control system in software development and in other disciplines that require collaboration and community contributions, such as in scientific research [@doi:10.1109/MS.2012.61].
Understanding basic concepts of Git (such as commit, push, pull, checkout; see [Box 1](#definitions)) is recommended to excel in the control of file versions in Github.

> Nevertheless, the GitHub web-based platform and its integrated development environments (such as GitHub Desktop) allow users to perform most repository and data management operations without opening Git command-line sessions, making these functionalities available to users who are less familiar with software development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nevertheless, the GitHub web-based platform and its integrated development environments (such as GitHub Desktop) allow users to perform most repository and data management operations without using the command-line, making these functionalities available to users who are less familiar with software development.
```

Author: Modified to "command console", and incorporated.
